feat: creates Revinate connector module (#185)
ToucanToco/toucan-connectors: doc/connectors/revinate.md

# Revinate Connector

Revinate connector cf. https://porter.revinate.com/documentation

# Data Provider Configuration

* `type`: `Revinate`
* `name`: str, required
* `authentication`: see below

```coffee
DATA_PROVIDERS: [
    type: 'Revinate',
    name: '<name>',

>     authentication: '<authentication>'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    authentication:
      api_key: <api_key>
      api_secret: <api_secret>
      username: <username>
```

Reviewer: So eople will just have to copy/paste this block if they want to create the connector in code mode

]
```

# Revinate Authentication

Please see the Revinate documentation to understand what form the headers must take before a request can be made to their API. This essential element of the connector must have the following form:

* `api_key`: str, required
* `api_secret`: str, required
* `username`: str, required

> The `api_key`, `api_secret` and `user_name` must be obtained from Revinate before the concepteur can use the connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `api_key`, `api_secret` and `user_name` must be obtained from Revinate before using the connector.
```

"concepteur" is a toucan term, it's not understandable in the context of this open-source library
